Changes from 3.0.3.7 to 3.0.3.8 (3.0.4.0?)

The compose key didn't work with the "^" key.

The 'playback' utility couldn't be built on AIX.

The SysReq() action didn't produce trace messages.

Found a much better way to handle NumLock on Sun keyboards.  Also
fixed a bug in the FAQ, and documented ways to better utilize ANSI
mode.  Fixes bug #333.

Allow a connection to be broken with ECONNRESET without popping up an
error message.  Fixes bug #334.

Added a menu option to do rectangular selections in ANSI mode.

Added a 20-point font.

Added selection character classes: the -cc option and the charClass
resource.

Added pullright menus.

Added a menu option for screen oversize, and clean up some of the oversize
processing code.

Propogate the CC= 'make' directive into the mkversion.sh script.

The "ow" keymap modifier broke the Shift-Button1 move-cursor function.

Added Save Options in File and clean up a lot of lint and warnings.

Improved data stream tracing in ANSI mode.

Added support for itelnetd via a 'p:' prefix.

Another ANSI screen tracing fix.

Fixed APL keyboard input.  Fixes bug #337.

Build the app-defaults directly into x3270.  Create different app-defaults
for monochrome and color.  Make the menus a little more Motif-like.

Tightened up some duplicate strings.

Some groundwork for background color and multiple character set support.

Changed "GraphicsEscape" to "GraphicEscape" in traces.

Changed keyboard entry of APL characters to include GEs.

Made "-charset bracket" the default.

Use ASCII ESC characters to identify characters with GEs in cut/paste text,
_except_ for X'AD' and X'BD', which are generally cut/pasted as '[' and
']'.

Added support for 3270 line-drawing characters using GEs, and explicit
non-support for APL characters in non-3270 and non-APL fonts.

Added support for ANSI line-drawing characters and character sets.

Give back old GCs when finished with them.

Folded the APL font into the standard 3270 font.

Implemented "color schemes", resources that control the X colors used to
display 3270 colors.  These replace the multiple discrete resources used in
the past.  The color scheme can be changed from a menu option.

Added an Expect() action for scripts: Expect(string[,timeout]).  Pauses a
script, waiting for a sequence of characters or a timeout (default 30
seconds).  Valid in ANSI mode only.

Fixed a bug where x3270 gave an extra script prompt if a hostname was
put on the command line.

Install a sample ibm_hosts file.  Made the default ibm_hosts path depend on the
X11 configuration.

Eliminated the -color and -extended options (they're still there for backwards
confusion).  Made color (3279 mode) the default.  Lumped color and extended
mode onto a new "model" syntax, with 3279-4-E or 3278-4-E the default,
depending on the display depth.  Old color operation is now "-model 3278-4".
